hypothalamus
oxytocin
spermatogenesis
vasopressin
posterior pituitary gland
neurohypophysis
adrenocorticotrophic hormone
luteinizing hormone
follicle-stimulating hormone
thyroid-stimulating hormone
prolactin
growth hormone
anterior pituitary gland
adenohypophysis
somatostatin
neuroendocrine system
pituitary gland
thyrotropin-releasing hormone
asperger syndrome
autism
schizophrenia
depression
bipolar disorder
attention deficit disorder
anxiety disorder
antisocial personality disorder
aboulia
absence epilepsy
acute stress disorder
adolescent antisocial behavior
adult antisocial behavior
age-related cognitive decline
agoraphobia
alzheimer's disease
binge eating disorder
dissociative identity disorder
dyslexia
down syndrome
depersonalization disorder
intellectual disability
huntington's disease
kleptomania
dyscalculia
narcissitic personality disorder
obsessive-compulsive disorder
schizoaffective disorder
schizophrenia
sleep disorder
tourette syndrome
sadomasochism
acamprosate
baclofen
buprenorphine
naloxone
disulfiram
methadone
naltrexone
ondansetron
bupropion
cytisine
varenicline
amphetamine
dexmethylphenidate
dextroamphetamine
lisdexamfetamine
methamphetamine
methylphenidate
atomoxetine
bupropion
clonidine
guanfacine
venlafaxine
alprazolam
bromazepam
chlordiazepoxide
clobazam
clonazepam
clorazepate
diazepam
lorazepam
oxazepam
tofisopam
buspirone
hydroxyzine
meprobamate
pregabalin
citalopram
clomipramine
doxepin
escitalopram
fluoxetine
imipramine
mirtazapine
mirtazapine
paraoxetine
sertraline
risperidone
amisulpride
asenapine
chlorpromazine
cocaine
heroin
nicotine
cannabis
morphine
